Nats controller helm chart (#10286)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/eventing/README.md

Components:
- event-publisher-proxy
- controller
- nats-controller
- nats-server

## Event Publisher Proxy

This component receives legacy and Cloud Event publishing requests from the cluster workloads (microservice or Serverless functions) and redirects them to the Enterprise Messaging Service Cloud Event Gateway. It also fetches a list of subscriptions for a connected application. Click [here](../../components/event-publisher-proxy) for more details.

## Controller

> This component manages the internal infrastructure in order to receive an event for all subscriptions handled by SAP BEB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component manages the internal infrastructure in order to receive an event for all subscriptions handled by Business Event Bus (BEB).
```
